[Music] And
the news is getting more and more
crazy I just saw a
Mara María Patiño María casado said
goodbye to the news paying homage
to the Pecos have a good week lose your
shame and enjoy and she started
to dance no no I love the new
news with how
serious they have been now they start dancing it's a
good thing she reminded me of Carlota
corredera that I had left
out of the labels of the topics that we
had and no we can't leave ourselves out
no way your t has gone viral and I
love it eh Yeah
man it's that we're going to put we're going to
put the clip and this is Cota
corredera the other day on two okay You
know we had Father's Day
which by the way I have
missed a lot you might not know this but I have missed
a lot eh Father's Day
in the Schools at least
my children's school doesn't do Father's Day
before the child would bring a little drawing
when my daughter was little Hey that  yes it is
celebrated How could you not know at
my friend's son's school they have
made little drawings on a tablecloth with
little hands with a man on it in
mine's school no in mine no longer but it's
been a long time since it's been years since I don't I
mean the Child's I don't have the typical one of
such and such you know about the child's guard
for example when he was in daycare they
did it when he was in daycare
on the other side where I lived but now at the
new school no no because it's just in case
well it's because of what Carlota says
precisely that's how we're going to put
the video because there are a lot of people who maybe do
n't know what we're talking about
Yes there are several Well yes but mother m uh
the special person no and it's not something that
we as a mother have
raised with me but I am very happy that it is like this
eh I am very happy that it is like this
because there is indeed in
my daughter's class there is a child who doesn't
have a father who passed away several years ago
uh my father passed away 30 years ago no
but I think that nothing happens that nothing happens
because we think about
minorities  It's okay if we think about
those boys and girls who
maybe don't have a father because he's
passed away or they don't have a father because they
have two mothers so who does it
bother, bother, who does it hurt,
not the one who should protect those boys and
girls there's no need to poke their
eyes in the eye. Well then, Carlota
Corredera, you first, you first, no, let's see,
I put it on Twitter, no, Carlota
Corredera asks that we stop
celebrating Father's Day for people
who don't have a father and it's like, Well then,
let's stop celebrating
Mother's Day too, for people who don't
have a mother, let's stop having sex. The
Pilar long weekend for people who won't
be Pilar, let's stop celebrating,
eh, what else did I put, I put a few 8m,
not for women who don't work or for
mothers who don't work, eh, I can
give you a thousand examples, I mean, holidays
are there for a reason and and and we all have
fathers, better ones, worse ones with a relationship, without a
relationship, they've died, they're alive but it's
a day to pay tribute to a father's position
like this is already hatred towards
men  don't imagine what goes through
people's heads eh saying that we should
eliminate Mother's Day, I mean it would
seem just as bad to me because it does
n't make sense, I mean the
day was used. Already the day that the holiday was chosen there were
already people who didn't have a
father and who didn't have a mother I know almost all the
protagonists of
Disney movies for example No look no s come on
absurd eha when I saw it I saw it on
your Twitter because it has become hyper you
have blown it up with that tweet which doesn't
surprise me eh In fact they have
all been taking it I mean what is the
video and they have been putting it up I saw Javi
Oliveira jav Oliveira jav Oliveira Look
when I saw it I saw it three
times I say let's see Look I'm going to tell you I
think the Indian sent it to me eh
thing the Indian I think Indian eh I
sincerely am going to tell you one thing eh
I totally agree with your
argument and I'm also going to add one thing
I could attention eh I could
agree in I'm going to tell you in the
following I could agree that
no  if you had Why celebrate
Father's Day either Mother's Day
or Grandfather's Day of the grandmother on
the 8th I don't know what could
agree that Father's Day
or Mother's Day should not be celebrated if
Carlota corredera weren't saying it Why
Because it's clear that her perspective and
coming from Carlota corredera her touch
is totally feminist it's not she's not
saying it How do I tell you she's not
saying it M misandric misandric it's very
clear that coming from her we know
Eh why she says it the way she says it and it's not
because you just separated you haven't just
separated people say now
we understand your separation it seems like you don't
want a man around your father died
when you were 20 years old it's clear that
you lack the figure of a man I
'm nobody to get into a personal level
about why that way of not hating
men but how to despise them and want to
eliminate like that figure Not of men
of course it's a contempt for men it's that I do
n't want it either Yes it really is like that
then coming from her yes I
interpret it as a rad one
radical way of wanting to say man out
because why at that moment it doesn't say it doesn't
specify it says Father's Day that
Mother's Day here that
Mother's Day uploads something to Instagram with her daughter
or making some reference to women
some fuchsia little heart such is
only in what concerns the man
So that's what bothers me because if
for her eh I tell you if these
specific days eh of the father of the
mother of the grandfather eh of the issue of pride
of the issue of women of specific days
dedicated to someone or something outside she
had that thought on a general level
then I can applaud it because by that
rule of three it is Look I'm going to give my
example What happens is that since my mother has
passed away I Mother's Day is an
example I speak to you on a personal level this
year I say do not celebrate Mother's Day
because since suddenly some of us are
missing or such well I don't feel like it I
put on Rebellion I get in my bed and screw you
all I don't go on Instagram
and well it would offend you on Mother's Day
I'm glad no and I continue celebrating it
and  I love her with all my being and if I have to
cry I cry and if I have to go
have a drink while I remember and
I'm happy for all the people who can
enjoy it and and and I say value what I love
and man from a healthy and beautiful point of view
don't screw around man I mean you have to
be like twisted and like with
something inside of come on if
Ana Bernal Tribiño were next to me and two or three
more I'm sure they would think
exactly the same thing and it makes me so sad
because what what way of abolishing or
wanting to get rid of the paternal figure and I
realize that Mother's Day which
I thought never was is involved these
last few days Tribiño is really at
my mercy eh Ah I saw it did you
say something again no yeah yes it's ret yes I
saw it today I don't know if it was today or what
but it's been retweeted like things
against me it's like we have another video
okay because Carlota corredera gave
a
press conference I've already seen it I've already seen the
tentacle program So let's watch two
videos  in which we remember some
things that we have already lived through. Well, I think
the two main ones are private because of that
easy tear that is not looked at with a
critical spirit but is dealt with. Dear, a
bit like clear and I see it as a
regression because it's like it seems that
nothing has really been learned. I don't know if
you see it the
same way, very complicated things. Let's see, you can't
hear it. No, look, I'm just going to tell you
one thing, the media
has a responsibility
and in the case of the area of ​​reality that
appears in the state pact. Hello, I
think that you only have to
read the state pact and become
aware that the media has a
lot of responsibility. So, I
am one of those who believe that not all
opinions are respectable, those that are
Human Rights should not have a
place in the media,
nor on television, nor on the radio, nor in
this is my opinion and also. I think
that, well, but that each person has to
do the journalism that they
consider appropriate and the companies
are the ones that also have to be there to
decide the editorial lines
and, Hey, each person should do their job
as they consider appropriate, if you ask
me how I do it, well  I try to
always think not in that I have a
very big responsibility because all
the journalists that we appear in any
media have a
responsibility to those who prefer to
exercise it in one way and others in another
okay Marina what is your opinion first of this cl
You believe that everyone deserves Or so
all opinions are
respectable or are there some that are not well I think
that all opinions should
be respectable but they are also
questionable and criticizable man
there I have seen a zaska look I have seen a
zaska evidently she would not respect
for example yours and mine but
Antonio Montero has come to mind that now we
will talk about him he is the first one that
came to mind when she threw him off the
set she wanted to throw him off the set Jesús
Manuel are the first ones that have
come to mind of Cara to what she
might think no So I ask myself if
there are some opinions that are not
respectable that we agree that
she thinks because let's remember that
authoritarian position not eh dictatorial
that she had at the time I would ask
her that I am looking forward to  meet
me again at a photocall, look, we
got along well back in the day, eh. And she
helped me out at the time with some
things, but eh, I would ask her if it was
respectable when she was, for example, the
director of Sálvame, if it was
respectable, for example, the Belenazas,
those of Luz with Belén when Belén
spoke to you before 2009 when Belén
was as she was and they took advantage of the
audiences that it gave when Belén was as she
was in those times,
knowing how she was, not that they made them
do 20-something audiences when she was as she
was, eh, consenting to certain things, not
to reap large audiences, eh, at the
cost of generating, eh, well, what they
generated, eh. I mean,
consciously destroying people up to the
jugular at the cost of generating money
simply for that purpose. So that is
respectable, exceeding limits, eh, destroying
families, eh. As she did while being in
charge, that was respectable, then we go
with a selective moralism, eh, whose only
purpose is to
monetize, knowing perfectly well that
this was a huge business, as she
knew. So that is respectable.  what is
respectable here is that no I don't understand
But well that's it I don't know I don't know what is
respectable and what is not respectable for her
you are not respectable I am not respectable we would not
be respectable people it is
true that there are opinions that
are not respectable it is true but the
problem is that she decides Which ones are
Which ones are not that is the problem Of course her Of course of course
for her you are not
respectable I am not respectable example is
not
respectable you understand me people for her
are respectable well how do I tell you Well
look Stan if they weren't friends I don't know
to what extent it would be respectable if there
weren't you understand what happened that I know
in fact they have been together this
weekend and I forgot to tell you that
later we have to comment on
Valen Esteban's last post on Instagram that
has surprised me quite a bit then
we have to comment on it but but no of course
for her they are respectable eh Well we already
know Who are respectable eh But
well for her
what she considers that H limits the
fundamental rights of the human being is not what
is for for her they are respectable
respectable  tribiño those who keep quiet
when they know something bad Like for example
about bullfights and they keep quiet until it
goes viral Yes what happens is that it no longer
suits you, it will define you as that but
a person who has defended,
defends women, who is a
sister, who is a specialist in
gender violence and who supports
women above all else, that is her
definition of Ana tribiño aais peces the
director of the documentary that Hey, I
have a good relationship with her but well,
uh, that they are people Well,
ideologically or It's good that we already
know a little, well Since each of us
has, well, there is an opinion and I
prefer people changing things, it
is even changing the world of the
heart from within like F This
program that I think you
learned from mistakes that I made, well
we did, we did self-criticism, you did not do
a catharsis and instead instead of
growing, eh Like this pandemic, we are going to come
out better, it causes like an
effect that goes against you against you do not
become victims or you want to
change things Well but you know what
happens that  I think that the readings that
I make of all that and I come back to the
same thing is that I keep the good, I
keep the good and what is good,
the good thing is that today in Spain
everyone knows what vicarious violence is.
Today there is a debate about
Breton's book and everyone knows what we
are talking about because we managed to
explain to people what vicarious violence was on prime time.
I am extremely
proud of what was done in that program, of
what the program achieved,
not only in terms of audiences. I
know that there are people who are pissed off that it was
said, but it is true that it was the
most-watched program of 2021, no, nothing, I mean,
in fact, I think it is something to be
proud of, but I think that
the most important thing that the program did
was not be the most-watched program in
2021, but I am left with other
things that I think were very
important and it is the pedagogy that was
done and from which we have all learned a
lot. I am the first, eh, of the mistakes eh
that I have made as  journalist For not
having knowledge eh And surely I
during the presentation of this program
and During the salves that
Surely I made mistakes
Not that I have made mistakes or that I have
also done my own self-criticism I have
not had much time to
think for me
what has reaffirmed me is not my
commitment I
understand journalism like this and that does not mean that I
am the one who does it best but
for me journalism is commitment 200
viewers has this presentation
eh by Carlota corredera let's see eh is that you
see the error I told you the other day do you
think that he will continue talking about this Do you
remember that I told you no I think that he will have
learned in the sense that there are
topics that maybe he should leave a little he has just
compared Antonio David
with José Bretón again is that no yes yes yes I have
seen it I have seen it I have seen I say I can't
believe it it's that I don't understand it
with the issue that he was acquitted no
but look I want to ask you I want to
ask you a question and a question
to the chat Look I know a very
close I tell you really I'm not going to
personalize but I know that there are three or
four friends who are watching this who are
going to know who I'm talking about Look I
know two people uh who were a
couple two girls okay I assure you that
one of them is doing it and has
done it they have a child two women okay And
one of them has made the
other's life impossible but life
impossible on a psychological level and well I'm
going to stay there with the son uses the
son but let's face it the martyr life doesn't matter
exactly the same the son and makes
life impossible for the other what do you call
that is exactly the same thing a
man would do what do we call that it doesn't
have a name How has he reported him he has
reported him on several occasions but there's no way There's
no way well the
same thing a man would do to a woman
Eh and it would be called vicarious violence
using the child to make life
impossible for the woman but with
psychological abuse but absolutely brutal
how do we take that not vicarious violence
we can't call it and he has reported uh
And he has reported and parental alienation
domestic violence says Rosa no
vicarious violence no  And if I know that if it had been
a woman towards... I mean
if the complaint goes from a woman towards a
man, vicarious violence,
not that I know of, vicarious violence, no,
no. I mean, I know that there have been
complaints, there have been, that it's not called
vicarious violence when it's from a man
to a woman, no. I mean, when it's the father
who does it, but as far as I know,
that legal term doesn't exist. No, no, no. Of
course it doesn't exist. We
still have to discuss several things, let's see if we have
time before the
guest arrives. Well, the guest of this, to give
his opinion like us. Well, I know, I
know that
[Music]
op foreign